about/index.markdown, before:

---
layout: default
title: About
---


## About Me

<a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/jason_and_whittney/5089976799/" title="Getting my feet wet"><img class="img_right" src="http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4131/5089976799_ddb0b41c2d_m_d.jpg" width="240" alt="Getting my feet wet" /></a>

My name is Jason Graham. I am 23 years old. I have a lovely wife, and two small dogs. By day I am an [electrical engineering](http://www.eecs.wsu.edu/) graduate student in communication and information theory at [Washington State University](http://www.wsu.edu).  In the future, I hope do research and possibly teach.

On the rare occasion I have free time, I enjoy playing guitar, spending time with my family, reading sci-fi, and exploring Linux.  For the small snippets of spare time during the day, I tend to peruse my [blogroll].

{% include on_the_web.html %}
For a bit more professional or academic information on me, check out my [school website], though it's a bit sparse at the moment.  My wife and I also share a [family blog].

[family blog]:http://www.graham-clan.net

<p><noscript>You can email me at <code>my_first_name AT this_site</code>.</noscript></p>

## About This Site

<img class="img_left" src="http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7b/SheevaPlug_with_external_drive_enclosure.jpg/300px-SheevaPlug_with_external_drive_enclosure.jpg" />

This is my personal blog, giving me a place to talk about my interests, blow off steam, and have some fun. 

The color scheme for the site is based on the popular [Zenburn] colors which I prefer for my coding environments.  It's easy to look at for long periods of time, and works surprisingly well for a blog.

A [Sheevaplug] computer running [debian] powers the site.  If you're curious what kind of stress you and others are putting on the tiny thing take a look at the [real-time stats].

I compose this blog with [Vim], manage its code with [git], and generate the site with [Jekyll], The [source code] for the site is freely available.

The original site design was heavily inspired by similar blogs setup up by [Tate Johnson], [Raoul Felix], and [Jack Moffitt] who generously expose their site's code to the world, to the benefit of lesser coders like me.

The social network icons are the work of [konodomedia].


[blogroll]:/about/blogroll/

[SheevaPlug]:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SheevaPlug
[debian]:http://www.debian.org/
[real-time stats]:/about/stats/

[Jekyll]:https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll
[Vim]:http://www.vim.org/
[git]:http://git-scm.cm
[source code]:http://code.graham-clan.net/blog/
[Linux]:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux
[school website]:http://eecs.wsu.edu/~jgraham
[Zenburn]:http://slinky.imukuppi.org/zenburnpage/
[Tate Johnson]:http://tatey.com/about/
[Raoul Felix]:http://rfelix.com/about/
[Jack Moffitt]:http://metajack.im/about/
[konodomedia]:http://www.komodomedia.com/blog/2009/06/social-network-icon-pack/

Commit message:

Add some description meta tags

about/index.markdown, after:

---
layout: default
title: About
description: Electrical Engineering Graduate Student in Communcations and Info. Theory
---


## About Me

<a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/jason_and_whittney/5089976799/" title="Getting my feet wet"><img class="img_right" src="http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4131/5089976799_ddb0b41c2d_m_d.jpg" width="240" alt="Getting my feet wet" /></a>

My name is Jason Graham. I am 23 years old. I have a lovely wife, and two small dogs. By day I am an [electrical engineering](http://www.eecs.wsu.edu/) graduate student in communication and information theory at [Washington State University](http://www.wsu.edu).  In the future, I hope do research and possibly teach.

On the rare occasion I have free time, I enjoy playing guitar, spending time with my family, reading sci-fi, and exploring Linux.  For the small snippets of spare time during the day, I tend to peruse my [blogroll].

{% include on_the_web.html %}
For a bit more professional or academic information on me, check out my [school website], though it's a bit sparse at the moment.  My wife and I also share a [family blog].

[family blog]:http://www.graham-clan.net

<p><noscript>You can email me at <code>my_first_name AT this_site</code>.</noscript></p>

## About This Site

<img class="img_left" src="http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7b/SheevaPlug_with_external_drive_enclosure.jpg/300px-SheevaPlug_with_external_drive_enclosure.jpg" />

This is my personal blog, giving me a place to talk about my interests, blow off steam, and have some fun. 

The color scheme for the site is based on the popular [Zenburn] colors which I prefer for my coding environments.  It's easy to look at for long periods of time, and works surprisingly well for a blog.

A [Sheevaplug] computer running [debian] powers the site.  If you're curious what kind of stress you and others are putting on the tiny thing take a look at the [real-time stats].

I compose this blog with [Vim], manage its code with [git], and generate the site with [Jekyll], The [source code] for the site is freely available.

The original site design was heavily inspired by similar blogs setup up by [Tate Johnson], [Raoul Felix], and [Jack Moffitt] who generously expose their site's code to the world, to the benefit of lesser coders like me.

The social network icons are the work of [konodomedia].


[blogroll]:/about/blogroll/

[SheevaPlug]:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SheevaPlug
[debian]:http://www.debian.org/
[real-time stats]:/about/stats/

[Jekyll]:https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll
[Vim]:http://www.vim.org/
[git]:http://git-scm.cm
[source code]:http://code.graham-clan.net/blog/
[Linux]:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux
[school website]:http://eecs.wsu.edu/~jgraham
[Zenburn]:http://slinky.imukuppi.org/zenburnpage/
[Tate Johnson]:http://tatey.com/about/
[Raoul Felix]:http://rfelix.com/about/
[Jack Moffitt]:http://metajack.im/about/
[konodomedia]:http://www.komodomedia.com/blog/2009/06/social-network-icon-pack/
